hey what up everybody student breach
coming to you this is the very special
holly jolly Christmas unboxing from WV
shop they were running a sale the first
day of the sale maybe even the first
hours it started at midnight I was on
skype with my buddies it was me Luke
Cage freaking i88 Zack dovey Punk fan
was in there and Kevin was there as well
we were all doing it hopefully everybody
else is doing him this is my box that I
got when the deal first started at
midnight it was a 20 have you spend $25
you got 25% off and you got free
shipping it be to makeable place too
many small orders and by the morning it
had changed to $40 to get the 25% off
and get the free shipping maybe they
were losing money on people buying
smaller items to ship out but they're
guaranteed to be there by Christmas
today is the 20th
maybe it's the 19th I don't know what
day it is but it came in time this is my
box let's see what we got it honestly I
remember one thing here is some good
that I want to see somebody else's
unboxing now I ordered homeless El 2011
this closes out my 2011 collections was
last DVD that I needed CM Punk Alberto
Del Rio and John Cena going for the V
title and then Randy Orton and Mark
Henry for the World Heavyweight
Championship oh yeah I remember right
this is a pretty good show interrupted
at the end by Miz and r-truth in the
main event
setting up Survivor Series that was like
he was $7.99 and yeah I'd say 25% off
this right here was the deal of the day
these right here sell for like um I
don't know what the hell these sell for
normally when you go to shows of
pretty expensive but I got the John Cena
foam finger this was $2.00 dollar 90 and
it's 25% off so basically getting it for
free maybe I can get a little fun time
with that later if you know what I mean
but John Cena foam hand can't go wrong
with that yeah see the baby from there I
got a Christmas ornament for 80 cents
minus 25% off as well it's the woo woo
you know it Zach right or ball can't go
wrong with that then I got Oh classic
this is the shirt that I have honestly
wanted for a long long time this was a
rereleased
and I'm glad that I picked it up because
a lot of these are selling out they
didn't make very many of these and I
really was thinking if I really wanted
order or not but this is the black
hustle loyalty and respect shirt
much like the AWA logo from back in the
day one of the best-looking cena shirts
you can't see me it was a limited
edition print back in the day but every
year these came out where you can get
this in blue I really wanted the blue
one but they only released the black one
so it will have to be what it has to be
but I'm glad that I picked that up this
was off of the clearance rack or I
believe $6.99 and then it came with um
it was 25% off this is the CM Punk I did
crazy chicks shirt I can't go wrong with
that can't wait to wear that out there
in the first first time I had to wear
this suit my wife says when I wear it
been on and they're oh this is a really
good feel to these shirts aren't like
the regular shirts these are more like
the throwback shirts that they do much
like this one right here we have the WCW
Starrcade shirt I really like this shirt
when I ordered it and now that I pulled
it out this isn't the old-school
Starrcade logo that I thought it was
much because it has the new-school WCW
logo up on the top but hopefully that
won't knock it too bad and we can go
from there then we have this shirt I
bought this shirt has the classic
remembers of how much I really wanted
this shirt but I never would buy it
because I knew that I would never wear
it and now it is my goal in life to not
be embarrassed and not to wear this
shirt sure doubt this might be the most
embarrassing wrestling shirts I've ever
bought
besides for event shirts that just have
you know no normal faces on it which is
sort of like my thing I won't i won't
buy those or wear them but this is this
shirt right here which I got news last
night that it sold out so I'm glad that
I picked it up this is the John Cena pro
wrestling shirt you can't see me much
called the 8-bit it looks like the Pro
Wrestling Nintendo game cover from back
in the day and has the John Cena up up
down down left right left right
so like start but I mean everything they
did on this shirt was basically perfect
ripping off the the cover of the game
even the Nintendo seal and then the Cena
logo down on the bottom you can't get
any better than that what the hell is
this Oh Big Daddy Cool diesel Kevin Nash
shirt right here this was a dollar 90
minus 25% off sort of like you just had
to buy it because I how cheap it was and
then last thing in the Box is WCW great
American bash this is a great shirt to
end it on classic throwback shirts that
buy a lot of these cuz I really really
like the way they feel the way they hold
up they're expensive but they're worth
it in the long run I always liked how
the logos looked like you know it's
something that somebody's worn before
you but we had the great American bash
we got Big Daddy Cool we got the 8 bit
we got w Starrcade I did crazy chicks
John Cena foam finger
hustle loyalty and respect whoo you know
it ornament can't go wrong Holly Jolly
Christmas there hope everybody out there
has as much fun as I did and hopefully
in home sell 2011 hopefully everybody
out there pick something up make sure
you check out freaking out ad I know
he's doing an unboxing Kevin man on fire
if he doesn't do one on his own channel
he'll do one on mine because I'll make
him and then Luke Cage 29u and said he'd
be doing an unboxing on here so I can't
go wrong
great steals hope everybody picks them
up have fun thanks guys